What doesn't kill {} only prolongs the inevitable.
"Kids, you tried your best, and you failed miserably. The lesson is: never try." Homer Simpson
"Nobody exists on purpose. Nobody belongs anywhere. Everybody's gonna die. Come watch TV." Morty Sanchez
The road to Mount Everest is littered with dead motivated people {}. I'm trying to help I swear.
"The universe is a cruel, uncaring void. The key to being happy isn't a search for meaning. It's to just keep yourself busy with unimportant nonsense, and eventually, you'll be dead." Bojack Horseman
Remember that every great moment in your life will turn into a memory you can never experience again.
Next time a strange man offers you a ride in his white van {}, take it. It's for the best.
You're unique {}, just like everyone else. If you're one in a billion there is still 8000 people like you.
If participation is what counts, {}, then surely participating in not participating also counts. If experience is valuable, then not experiencing something that everyone experiences also has value.
Shoot for the moon {}! Even if you miss, you'll be amongst the stars... ...suffocating.
If at first you don't succeed {}, erase all evidence that you ever tried.
Consistency is only a virtue if you're not a screw-up.
"I suppose these things happen." Fight Club
Don't worry {}, you probably haven't experienced the saddest day of your life yet.
Work hard, {}, and be famous enough that if you ever get killed by someone it'll be considered an assassination, not murder.
If you lack the courage to tell someone you love them, it means you are intelligent enough to realize they don't feel the same. Congrats for being born with high IQ {}!
The key to happiness is low expectations {}. Lower. Nope, even lower. There you go!
Your life is like an icecream, {}! Melted.
If you keep on trying, one day you will actually become a killing machine.
Hard work often pays off after time, {}. But laziness, laziness always pays off now.
I want you to know my story {}. Ten years ago, I was dead broke. But after several years of busting my ass and burying my face in my work, I'm still broke but I have more neck pain.
If you have trouble pursuing your dream as an artist, remember that all people are assholes and making art for them will not satisfy you anyway.
Always strive for power, because it's easier to manipulate people into pretending you're great than to believe it yourself.
Ever stop to consider - maybe you're just stupid?
"You're more retarded than that guy who thinks comedy isn't about being funny. Yeah I said it, fuck that guy." Totally not Elath
Just remember that God isn't real and people believe in him, wheras {} is, and noone believes in you.
You put the "pro" in problem.
Don't never give up.
I don't talk about my emotions, I show them. #cutfor{}
Do you know the difference between optimists and pessimists? Optimists tend to see the best in people and the world around them. Pessimists tend to be right.
Trying is the first step towards failure.
Life is full of possibilities... Until you get old, bedridden, and die.
Just because {} is unique, doesn't mean they are useful.
Accept that you're just a product, not a gift.
There are no stupid questions, but there are a LOT of inquisitive idiots.
You can do anything you set your mind to when you have vision, determination, and an endless supply of expendable labor.
Try & try until you cannot succeed.
Life is only logical, and to think it's a gift is depressing.
Stay lazy my friends. It may save your life one day.
Make a man a fire and he will be warm for a day. Set a man on fire and he will be warm for the rest of his life.
There is nothing standing between you and your goal but a total lack of talent and a complete failure of will.
Get to work. You aren't being paid to believe in the power of your dreams.
You miss 0% of the shots you don't take.